Kuaichuan Imperial Doctor
The emperor is beyond reach
Invite a few more imperial physicians to take a look
Wanyue, aren't you good at medicine?
Can you save Mr. Li?
I'm so in love
It is the pillar of the country. The eldest girl must save him
The imperial doctor didn't even come to wave
It's too fast for you to want me to do it so much
Women should do their best
It's not like being sick.
Rather like acute mercury poisoning
How could such a thing appear in this palace?
Save him, I only have one mineral water left this month
This poison is very similar to that of Shanguang
It's just that there's not so much general material, right?